okay we decided to test the starters
today it's day 11 and I went ahead and
fed the starters all three of them and
it's been two hours since I fed them I
didn't check them out I did check it at
the hour but and I didn't mark them
because there wasn't a lot of growth yet
but they're doing really well now so at
the two hour mark I will go ahead and
mark them
I don't expect them to even double until
perhaps four to six hours and they're
doing really well already they're doing
great the hybrid one in the middle is
doing the best so I'll come back in
another two hours in will market again
that will be the four hour mark this is
now the four hours after I mixed up and
fed mixed some feed for the sourdough
starter I fed all of them and they're
all pretty much doubled the center
starter the hybrid the mixture of the
white and the wheat is more than doubled
and the whole wheats about doubled so
you can see they're all doing really
well and it's only four hours on average
starter is about six hours so yes these
starters most likely would make some
really good bread ah day eleven here and
remember even on day six we the starters
didn't look all that great so remember
when you are making your new sourdough
starter don't give up on day six by day
ten they were all doing really well this
is day 11 and my goodness look at that
that's a nice strong starter it's been
six hours now since I fed these starters
and they have more than doubled they the
one in the middle
look like it and I'm going back down
so not sure if that happened at five or
six hours but starting here all the way
up to here before it fell so that's
definitely telling me this starter is
ready to mix and this one is still going
it looks like it looks like it uh it
looks like it might go and here's the
white starter it I can't tell if it's a
peaked and falling or not I just can't
tell so I think that I will come back in
one more hour and and just check on
these other starters to see how they're
doing like I marked this one down here
but really you can see that the top part
of it is like way up here somewhere um
it's kind of hard to measure on that one
but definitely you can see that it's way
more than doubled all of them all of
them have so I'll come back in an hour
and we'll check on the progress of the
starter on the left and the starter on
the right to see if they've actually
peaked and started falling in yet the
middle one has it has peaked and is
starting to fall in so it's possibly a
5-hour starter it's hard to tell when
they're so young they're just not stable
yet okay it's been seven hours now
decided to go one extra hour because our
Center one fell or started to fall and
as you can see it is actually falling
now this particular one remember I mark
it here and then said well it looked
like it was there it's actually still
growing and that's our whole-wheat
starter our hybrid starter this is our
white starter and it looks to me like it
is starting to fall in now but it's it's
kind of hard to tell so I actually
thought that I might go ahead and do it
one more hour we'll go ahead and go
eight hours on our test it's been eight
hours now
now the white starter fell the hybrid
starter fell and the whole-wheat starter
is still seeming to you see it's gone up
just a little bit from the last mark at
seven not a lot and there's probably not
much more to go I think it is falling in
now as well you can see how it loves
starting to fall in so this is day 11
for these starters and they all could
make bread they are all doing well so
we've got ourselves three nice starters
and I'll keep feeding them until they
day 14 so I'll see you tomorrow